Additional error cases for CANCEL_PUSH (#3083)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-http.md

a server push by Push ID (see {{frame-push-promise}}), encoded as a
variable-length integer.

When a client sends this frame, it is indicating that it does not wish to
receive the promised resource.  The server SHOULD abort sending the resource,
but the mechanism to do so depends on the state of the corresponding push
stream.  If the server has not yet created a push stream, it does not create
one.  If the push stream is open, the server SHOULD abruptly terminate that
stream.  If the push stream has already closed, the server MAY abruptly

> terminate the stream (cancelling any retransmissions) or MAY take no action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
terminate the stream or MAY take no action.
```

> When a server sends this frame, it is indicating that it will not be fulfilling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a server sends CANCEL_PUSH, it is indicating that it will not be fulfilling
```

> identified server push.  If the server has not yet started to send the server

Reviewer: How about reorganizing this section with one paragraph like this that starts with "When a server receives this frame, ..." and have another with "When a client receives this frame, ..." since the roles are completely asymmetric I believe?

push, it can use the receipt of a CANCEL_PUSH frame to avoid opening a push

> stream.  If the push stream has been opened by the server, the server SHOULD

Reviewer: "has been opened" is now a bit odd without any qualification, since it's possible it's been opened and subsequently closed.

How about "If the push stream is open, the server SHOULD abruptly terminate that stream."

Author: The logic there is that, even if the stream is closed (FIN sent), there might still be value in sending a RESET_STREAM to abort any retransmissions.

The CANCEL_PUSH frame carries a Push ID encoded as a variable-length integer.
The Push ID identifies the server push that is being cancelled (see
{{frame-push-promise}}).  If a CANCEL_PUSH frame is received which references a

> Push ID greater than currently allowed on the connection, this MUST be treated

Reviewer: Should this only be enforced by the client, given it's the one limiting the number of pushes?  The next paragraph discusses the server closing the connection when the client sends a CANCEL_PUSH mentioning a push ID that's never been used by the server.

Reviewer 2: I think there are two effective limits - the maximum allowed push ID and the maximum used push ID. So if I understand Ian's point, there is not a situation where a client can issue a CANCEL_PUSH that violates the maximum allowed push ID without first triggering the violation of the maximum used push ID.

Author: The server can issue a CANCEL_PUSH for a push it wasn't allowed to send, which the client should treat as an error.  And since CANCEL_PUSH and MAX_PUSH_ID are on the control stream, if the client uses a Push ID greater than it has permitted, that also seems invalid.

However, in the latter case, I can believe there are implementations where that ordering isn't maintained within the client, so perhaps we should relax that one.

Reviewer: SG, I think I'm ok with this then.  I still find this section a bit of a hard read, but I don't have any specific suggestions.
